the former paralympic athlete reportedly tried to commit suicide. convicted murderer oscar pistorius was, according to reports, rushed to a local state hospital in the early hours of saturday after he allegedly attempted on his life. although information is still sketchy, a social media report claimed that the former paralympic athlete had injured his wrists in his prison cell. africa's top 5 premier football leagues he was rushed to a nearby hospital. according to city press, correctional services said pistorius claimed he had injured himself after falling out of bed. "an inmate situated close to the hospital section told city press that pistorius had injured himself intentionally," the news report stated. the report added that sharp blades were subsequently found in pistorius' cell during a search on saturday afternoon. the reports could not yet be confirmed. mashego wrote that he had also established from warders that pistorius had been planning to harm the kgosi mampuru ii prison's health manager and a nurse, as they had testified against him, describing him as violent. a raid of his cell weeks ago allegedly found "toxic pills" inside it, though these are likely to be prescription drugs and anti-depressants, which might also be used in a suicide attempt. the pistorius family told the sunday paper that they were not aware of any investigation into pistorius' alleged plot against the prison staff. they dismissed it as yet another sensationalist story like many others. place your ad here related articles oscar pistorius treated in hospital for wrist injuries after 'slipping in cell' the world has not seen the last of oscar pistorius' trial justice masipa explains why she sentenced oscar pistorius to 6 years imprisonment 'if pistorius was black non-famous, he'd have got life imprisonment' - piers morgan oscar pistorius sentenced to 6 years for murder you might also like rio 2016: usa basketball team rejects shared bedrooms for luxury life with spa, shops... and 7ft beds serena williams wins french open for 20th grand slam title top 10 worst decisions ever in high profile games (1 is unforgettable) better ways to spend a holiday than getting wet: 10 trip ideas for watersports fantics your email address will not be published. required fields are marked tags and attributes: notify me of follow-up comments by email. notify me of new posts by email.